Bridges
       You  have  a  set  of islands distributed across the playing area. Each
       island contains a number. Your aim is to connect the  islands  together
       with bridges, in such a way that:

       ·      Bridges run horizontally or vertically.

       ·      The  number of bridges terminating at any island is equal to the
              number written in that island.

       ·      Two bridges may run in parallel between the  same  two  islands,
              but no more than two may do so.

       ·      No bridge crosses another bridge.

       ·      All the islands are connected together.

       There  are  some configurable alternative modes, which involve changing
       the parallel-bridge limit to something other than  2,  and  introducing
       the  additional  constraint that no sequence of bridges may form a loop
       from one island back to the same island. The rules stated above are the
       default ones.

       Credit for this puzzle goes to Nikoli [12].

       Bridges was contributed to this collection by James Harvey.

       [12]   http://www.nikoli.co.jp/puzzles/14/index-e.htm

   Bridges controls
       To  place  a  bridge  between  two islands, click the mouse down on one
       island and drag it towards the other. You do not need to drag  all  the
       way to the other island; you only need to move the mouse far enough for
       the intended bridge direction to be unambiguous. (So you can  keep  the
       mouse  near the starting island and conveniently throw bridges out from
       it in many directions.)

       Doing this again when a bridge is already present will add another par‐
       allel  bridge.  If  there  are  already as many bridges between the two
       islands as permitted by the current game rules (i.e. two  by  default),
       the same dragging action will remove all of them.

       If  you want to remind yourself that two islands definitely do not have
       a bridge between them, you can right-drag between them in the same  way
       to draw a `non-bridge' marker.

       If you think you have finished with an island (i.e. you have placed all
       its bridges and are confident that they are in the right  places),  you
       can mark the island as finished by left-clicking on it. This will high‐
       light it and all the bridges connected to it, and you will be prevented
       from accidentally modifying any of those bridges in future. Left-click‐
       ing again on a highlighted island will unmark it and restore your abil‐
       ity to modify it.

       You  can  also use the cursor keys to move around the grid: if possible
       the cursor will  always  move  orthogonally,  otherwise  it  will  move
       towards  the  nearest  island  to the indicated direction. Pressing the
       return key followed by a cursor key will lay a bridge in that direction
       (if  available);  pressing  the space bar followed by a cursor key will
       lay a `non-bridge' marker.

       You can mark an island as finished by pressing the return key twice.

       Violations of the puzzle rules will be marked in red:

       ·      An island with too many bridges will be highlighted in red.

       ·      An island with too few bridges will be highlighted in red if  it
              is  definitely an error (as opposed to merely not being finished
              yet): if adding enough bridges would  involve  having  to  cross
              another  bridge  or remove a non-bridge marker, or if the island
              has been highlighted as complete.

       ·      A group of islands and bridges may be highlighted in red  if  it
              is  a  closed  subset of the puzzle with no way to connect it to
              the rest of the islands. For example, if  you  directly  connect
              two  1s  together  with  a  bridge and they are not the only two
              islands on the grid, they will light up  red  to  indicate  that
              such a group cannot be contained in any valid solution.

       ·      If  you have selected the (non-default) option to disallow loops
              in the solution, a group of bridges which forms a loop  will  be
              highlighted.

       (All the actions described in section 2.1 are also available.)

   Bridges parameters
       These  parameters  are  available  from  the  `Custom...' option on the
       `Type' menu.

       Width, Height
              Size of grid in squares.

       Difficulty
              Difficulty level of puzzle.

       Allow loops
              This is set by default. If cleared, puzzles will be generated in
              such a way that they are always soluble without creating a loop,
              and solutions which do involve a loop will be disallowed.

       Max. bridges per direction
              Maximum number of  bridges  in  any  particular  direction.  The
              default  is  2,  but you can change it to 1, 3 or 4. In general,
              fewer is easier.

       %age of island squares
              Gives a rough percentage of islands the generator will  try  and
              lay before finishing the puzzle. Certain layouts will not manage
              to lay enough islands; this is an upper bound.

       Expansion factor (%age)
              The grid generator works by picking an existing island at random
              (after  first  creating  an  initial  island somewhere). It then
              decides on a direction (at random), and then works out  how  far
              it  could  extend before creating another island. This parameter
              determines how likely it is to extend as far as it  can,  rather
              than choosing somewhere closer.

       High  expansion factors usually mean easier puzzles with fewer possible
       islands; low  expansion  factors  can  create  lots  of  tightly-packed
       islands.

