Dominosa
       A  normal  set of dominoes - that is, one instance of every (unordered)
       pair of numbers from 0 to 6 - has been arranged irregularly into a rec‐
       tangle;  then  the  number in each square has been written down and the
       dominoes themselves removed. Your task is to reconstruct the pattern by
       arranging the set of dominoes to match the provided array of numbers.

       This  puzzle  is  widely credited to O. S. Adler, and takes part of its
       name from those initials.

   Dominosa controls
       Left-clicking between any two adjacent numbers places a domino covering
       them, or removes one if it is already present. Trying to place a domino
       which overlaps existing dominoes will remove the ones it overlaps.

       Right-clicking between two adjacent numbers draws a line between  them,
       which  you  can  use to remind yourself that you know those two numbers
       are not covered by a single domino. Right-clicking  again  removes  the
       line.

       You can also use the cursor keys to move a cursor around the grid. When
       the cursor is half way  between  two  adjacent  numbers,  pressing  the
       return  key will place a domino covering those numbers, or pressing the
       space bar will lay a line between the  two  squares.  Repeating  either
       action removes the domino or line.

       (All the actions described in section 2.1 are also available.)

   Dominosa parameters
       These  parameters  are  available  from  the  `Custom...' option on the
       `Type' menu.

       Maximum number on dominoes
              Controls the size of the puzzle, by controlling the size of  the
              set  of dominoes used to make it. Dominoes with numbers going up
              to N will give rise to an (N+2) × (N+1) rectangle; so,  in  par‐
              ticular, the default value of 6 gives an 8×7 grid.

       Ensure unique solution
              Normally,  Dominosa  will make sure that the puzzles it presents
              have only one solution. Puzzles with ambiguous sections  can  be
              more difficult and sometimes more subtle, so if you like you can
              turn off this feature. Also, finding all the possible  solutions
              can  be  an additional challenge for an advanced player. Turning
              off this option can also speed up puzzle generation.

