Dominosa
       A normal set of dominoes - that is, one instance  of  every
       (unordered) pair of numbers from 0 to 6 - has been arranged
       irregularly into a  rectangle;  then  the  number  in  each
       square  has  been  written down and the dominoes themselves
       removed. Your task is to reconstruct the pattern by arrang‐
       ing the set of dominoes to match the provided array of num‐
       bers.

       This puzzle is widely credited to O. S.  Adler,  and  takes
       part of its name from those initials.

   Dominosa controls
       Left-clicking  between  any  two  adjacent numbers places a
       domino covering them, or  removes  one  if  it  is  already
       present.  Trying  to place a domino which overlaps existing
       dominoes will remove the ones it overlaps.

       Right-clicking between two adjacent numbers  draws  a  line
       between them, which you can use to remind yourself that you
       know those two numbers are not covered by a single  domino.
       Right-clicking again removes the line.

       You  can  also  use the cursor keys to move a cursor around
       the grid. When the cursor is half way between two  adjacent
       numbers, pressing the return key will place a domino cover‐
       ing those numbers, or pressing the space  bar  will  lay  a
       line  between  the  two  squares.  Repeating  either action
       removes the domino or line.

       (All the actions described in section 2.1 are  also  avail‐
       able.)

   Dominosa parameters
       These  parameters are available from the `Custom...' option
       on the `Type' menu.

       Maximum number on dominoes
              Controls the size of the puzzle, by controlling  the
              size  of  the set of dominoes used to make it. Domi‐
              noes with numbers going up to N will give rise to an
              (N+2)  ×  (N+1)  rectangle;  so,  in particular, the
              default value of 6 gives an 8×7 grid.

       Ensure unique solution
              Normally, Dominosa will make sure that  the  puzzles
              it  presents  have  only  one solution. Puzzles with
              ambiguous sections can be more difficult  and  some‐
              times  more  subtle, so if you like you can turn off
              this feature. Also, finding all the  possible  solu‐
              tions can be an additional challenge for an advanced
              player. Turning off this option can  also  speed  up
              puzzle generation.

