Galaxies
       You have a rectangular grid containing a number of dots. Your aim is to
       draw edges along the grid lines which divide the rectangle into regions
       in  such  a  way  that every region is 180° rotationally symmetric, and
       contains exactly one dot which is located at its centre of symmetry.

       This puzzle was invented by Nikoli [13], under the name `Tentai  Show';
       its name is commonly translated into English as `Spiral Galaxies'.

       Galaxies was contributed to this collection by James Harvey.

       [13]   http://www.nikoli.co.jp/en/puzzles/astronomical_show/

   Galaxies controls
       Left-click on any grid line to draw an edge if there isn't one already,
       or to remove one if there is. When you create a valid region (one which
       is  closed, contains exactly one dot, is 180° symmetric about that dot,
       and contains no extraneous edges inside  it)  it  will  be  highlighted
       automatically;  so  your  aim  is to have the whole grid highlighted in
       that way.

       During solving, you might know that a particular grid square belongs to
       a  specific  dot, but not be sure of where the edges go and which other
       squares are connected to the dot. In order to mark this  so  you  don't
       forget,  you  can right-click on the dot and drag, which will create an
       arrow marker pointing at the dot. Drop that in a square of your  choice
       and  it  will  remind  you which dot it's associated with. You can also
       right-click on existing arrows to  pick  them  up  and  move  them,  or
       destroy  them  by  dropping  them  off  the edge of the grid. (Also, if
       you're not sure which dot an arrow is pointing at, you can pick  it  up
       and move it around to make it clearer. It will swivel constantly as you
       drag it, to stay pointed at its parent dot.)

       You can also use the cursor keys to move around the  grid  squares  and
       lines. Pressing the return key when over a grid line will draw or clear
       its edge, as above. Pressing the return key when over a dot  will  pick
       up  an  arrow,  to  be dropped the next time the return key is pressed;
       this can also be used to move existing arrows around, removing them  by
       dropping them on a dot or another arrow.

       (All the actions described in section 2.1 are also available.)

   Galaxies parameters
       These  parameters  are  available  from  the  `Custom...' option on the
       `Type' menu.

       Width, Height
              Size of grid in squares.

       Difficulty
              Controls the difficulty of the generated puzzle. More  difficult
              puzzles  require more complex deductions, and the `Unreasonable'
              difficulty level may require backtracking.

