Guess
       You have a set of coloured pegs, and have to  reproduce  a
       predetermined  sequence  of  them (chosen by the computer)
       within a certain number of guesses.

       Each guess gets  marked  with  the  number  of  correctly-
       coloured  pegs  in the correct places (in black), and also
       the number of correctly-coloured pegs in the wrong  places
       (in white).

       This  game is also known (and marketed, by Hasbro, mainly)
       as a board game `Mastermind', with 6 colours, 4  pegs  per
       row,  and  10 guesses. However, this version allows custom
       settings of number of colours (up to 10), number  of  pegs
       per row, and number of guesses.

       Guess was contributed to this collection by James Harvey.

   Guess controls
       This  game  can  be played with either the keyboard or the
       mouse.

       With the mouse, drag a coloured peg from the tray  on  the
       left-hand  side  to  its  required position in the current
       guess; pegs may also be  dragged  from  current  and  past
       guesses  to  copy them elsewhere. To remove a peg, drag it
       off its current position to somewhere invalid.

       Right-clicking in the current guess adds a `hold'  marker;
       pegs that have hold markers will be automatically added to
       the next guess after marking.

       Alternatively, with the keyboard, the up and  down  cursor
       keys  can  be  used  to  select a peg colour, the left and
       right keys to select a peg position, and the space bar  or
       Enter  key  to  place  a peg of the selected colour in the
       chosen position. `D' or Backspace removes a peg,  and  `H'
       adds a hold marker.

       When the guess is complete, the smaller feedback pegs will
       be highlighted; clicking on these (or moving the peg  cur-
       sor to them with the arrow keys and pressing the space bar
       or Enter key) will mark the current guess, copy  any  held
       pegs  to  the  next  guess,  and  move the `current guess'
       marker.

       If you correctly position all the pegs the  solution  will
       be  displayed  below; if you run out of guesses (or select
       `Solve...') the solution will also be revealed.

       (All the actions described in section 2.1 are also  avail-
       able.)

   Guess parameters
       These parameters are available from the `Custom...' option
       on the `Type' menu. The default game matches  the  parame-
       ters for the board game `Mastermind'.

       Colours
              Number of colours the solution is chosen from; from
              2 to 10 (more is harder).

       Pegs per guess
              Number of pegs per guess (more is harder).

       Guesses
              Number of guesses you have to find the solution  in
              (fewer is harder).

       Allow blanks
              Allows  blank  pegs  to be given as part of a guess
              (makes it easier, because you know that those  will
              never  be counted as part of the solution). This is
              turned off by default.

       Note that this doesn't allow blank pegs in  the  solution;
       if you really wanted that, use one extra colour.

       Allow duplicates
              Allows  the  solution  (and the guesses) to contain
              colours more than once; this increases  the  search
              space  (making  things harder), and is turned on by
              default.

