Introduction
       I  wrote  this collection because I thought there should be
       more small desktop toys available: little games you can pop
       up  in a window and play for two or three minutes while you
       take a break from whatever else you were doing. And  I  was
       also  annoyed  that every time I found a good game on (say)
       Unix, it wasn't available the next time I was sitting at  a
       Windows  machine,  or vice versa; so I arranged that every‐
       thing in my personal puzzle collection will happily run  on
       both,  and  have  more  recently done a port to Mac OS X as
       well. When I find (or perhaps invent) further puzzle  games
       that  I  like, they'll be added to this collection and will
       immediately be available on both platforms. And  if  anyone
       feels  like writing any other front ends - PocketPC, Mac OS
       pre-10, or whatever it might be - then  all  the  games  in
       this framework will immediately become available on another
       platform as well.

       The actual games in this  collection  were  mostly  not  my
       invention;  they  are  re-implementations  of existing game
       concepts within my portable  puzzle  framework.  I  do  not
       claim credit, in general, for inventing the rules of any of
       these puzzles. (I don't even claim authorship  of  all  the
       code;  some  of  the  puzzles  have been submitted by other
       authors.)

       This collection is distributed under the MIT  licence  (see
       appendix  A).  This  means that you can do pretty much any‐
       thing you like with the game binaries or the  code,  except
       pretending you wrote them yourself, or suing me if anything
       goes wrong.

       The most recent versions, and source code, can be found  at
       http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/puzzles/.

       Please  report  bugs to anakin@pobox.com. You might find it
       helpful to read this article before reporting a bug:

       http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/bugs.html

       Patches are welcome. Especially if they provide a new front
       end (to make all these games run on another platform), or a
       new game.

