Light Up
       You  have a grid of squares. Some are filled in black; some
       of the black squares are numbered. Your aim  is  to  `light
       up' all the empty squares by placing light bulbs in some of
       them.

       Each light bulb illuminates the square it is on,  plus  all
       squares in line with it horizontally or vertically unless a
       black square is blocking the way.

       To win the game, you must satisfy the following conditions:

       ·      All non-black squares are lit.

       ·      No light is lit by another light.

       ·      All numbered black squares have exactly that  number
              of  lights  adjacent  to  them  (in the four squares
              above, below, and to the side).

       Non-numbered black squares may have any  number  of  lights
       adjacent to them.

       Credit for this puzzle goes to Nikoli [9].

       Light  Up  was contributed to this collection by James Har‐
       vey.

       [9]    http://www.nikoli.co.jp/puzzles/32/index-e.htm
              (beware of Flash)

   Light Up controls
       Left-clicking  in  a non-black square will toggle the pres‐
       ence of a light in that square. Right-clicking  in  a  non-
       black square toggles a mark there to aid solving; it can be
       used to highlight squares that cannot be lit, for example.

       You may not place a light in a marked square, nor  place  a
       mark in a lit square.

       The  game  will highlight obvious errors in red. Lights lit
       by other lights are highlighted in this way,  as  are  num‐
       bered  squares which do not (or cannot) have the right num‐
       ber of lights next to them.

       Thus, the grid is solved when all  non-black  squares  have
       yellow highlights and there are no red lights.

       (All  the  actions described in section 2.1 are also avail‐
       able.)

   Light Up parameters
       These parameters are available from the `Custom...'  option
       on the `Type' menu.

       Width, Height
              Size of grid in squares.

       %age of black squares
              Rough percentage of black squares in the grid.

              This  is  a  hint rather than an instruction. If the
              grid generator is unable to  generate  a  puzzle  to
              this  precise  specification,  it  will increase the
              proportion of black squares until it can.

       Symmetry
              Allows you to specify the required symmetry  of  the
              black squares in the grid. (This does not affect the
              difficulty of the puzzles noticeably.)

       Difficulty
              `Easy' means that  the  puzzles  should  be  soluble
              without  backtracking or guessing, `Hard' means that
              some guesses will probably be necessary.

