Loopy
       You are given a grid of dots, marked with yellow lines  to
       indicate  which  dots  you are allowed to connect directly
       together. Your aim is to use some subset of  those  yellow
       lines  to  draw  a  single  unbroken  loop from dot to dot
       within the grid.

       Some of the spaces  between  the  lines  contain  numbers.
       These  numbers  indicate how many of the lines around that
       space form part of the loop. The loop you draw  must  cor-
       rectly  satisfy all of these clues to be considered a cor-
       rect solution.

       In the default mode, the dots are arranged in  a  grid  of
       squares;  however,  you  can  also  play  on triangular or
       hexagonal grids, or even more exotic ones.

       Credit for the basic puzzle idea goes to Nikoli [10].

       Loopy was originally contributed  to  this  collection  by
       Mike  Pinna,  and  subsequently enhanced to handle various
       types of non-square grid by Lambros Lambrou.

       [10]   http://www.nikoli.co.jp/puzzles/3/index-e.htm
              (beware of Flash)

   Loopy controls
       Click  the  left  mouse button on a yellow line to turn it
       black, indicating that you think it is part of  the  loop.
       Click  again  to  turn  the line yellow again (meaning you
       aren't sure yet).

       If you are sure that a particular line segment is not part
       of  the  loop,  you  can  click  the right mouse button to
       remove it completely. Again, clicking a second  time  will
       turn the line back to yellow.

       (All  the actions described in section 2.1 are also avail-
       able.)

   Loopy parameters
       These parameters are available from the `Custom...' option
       on the `Type' menu.

       Width, Height
              Size  of grid, measured in number of regions across
              and down. For square grids, it's clear how this  is
              counted;  for  other  types of grid you may have to
              think a bit to see how the dimensions are measured.

       Grid type
              Allows you to choose between a selection  of  types
              of tiling. Some have all the faces the same but may
              have multiple different types of vertex  (e.g.  the
              Cairo  or Kites mode); others have all the vertices
              the same but may have different types of face (e.g.
              the  Great  Hexagonal).  The square, triangular and
              honeycomb grids are fully  regular,  and  have  all
              their  vertices and faces the same; this makes them
              the least confusing to play.

       Difficulty
              Controls the difficulty of the generated puzzle.

