Magnets
       A  rectangular grid has been filled with a mixture of magnets (that is,
       dominoes with one positive end and one negative end) and blank dominoes
       (that  is,  dominoes  with  two neutral poles). These dominoes are ini‐
       tially only seen in silhouette. Around the grid are placed a number  of
       clues indicating the number of positive and negative poles contained in
       certain columns and rows.

       Your aim is to correctly place the magnets and blank dominoes such that
       all the clues are satisfied, with the additional constraint that no two
       similar magnetic poles may be orthogonally adjacent (since they repel).
       Neutral poles do not repel, and can be adjacent to any other pole.

       Credit for this puzzle goes to Janko [16].

       Magnets was contributed to this collection by James Harvey.

       [16]   http://www.janko.at/Raetsel/Magnete/index.htm

   Magnets controls
       Left-clicking  on an empty square places a magnet at that position with
       the positive pole on the square and the negative pole on the other half
       of  the  magnet; left-clicking again reverses the polarity, and a third
       click removes the magnet.

       Right-clicking on an empty square places a blank domino  there.  Right-
       clicking  again  places  two  question  marks on the domino, signifying
       `this cannot be blank' (which can be useful to  note  deductions  while
       solving), and right-clicking again empties the domino.

       You  can  also  use  the  cursor keys to move a cursor around the grid.
       Pressing the return key will lay a domino with a positive pole at  that
       position;  pressing  again  reverses  the polarity and then removes the
       domino, as with left-clicking. Using the space bar allows placement  of
       blank dominoes and cannot-be-blank hints, as for right-clicking.

       (All the actions described in section 2.1 are also available.)

   Magnets parameters
       These  parameters  are  available  from  the  `Custom...' option on the
       `Type' menu.

       Width, Height
              Size of grid in squares. There will be half Width × Height domi‐
              noes  in the grid: if this number is odd then one square will be
              blank.

       (Grids with at least one odd dimension tend to be easier to solve.)

       Difficulty
              Controls the difficulty  of  the  generated  puzzle.  At  Tricky
              level,  you  are  required  to  make more deductions about empty
              dominoes and row/column counts.

       Strip clues
              If true, some of the clues around the grid are removed at gener‐
              ation time, making the puzzle more difficult.

