Magnets
       A rectangular grid has been filled with a mixture of  mag-
       nets (that is, dominoes with one positive end and one neg-
       ative end) and blank dominoes (that is, dominoes with  two
       neutral  poles). These dominoes are initially only seen in
       silhouette. Around the grid are placed a number  of  clues
       indicating  the number of positive and negative poles con-
       tained in certain columns and rows.

       Your aim is to correctly place the magnets and blank domi-
       noes such that all the clues are satisfied, with the addi-
       tional constraint that no two similar magnetic  poles  may
       be orthogonally adjacent (since they repel). Neutral poles
       do not repel, and can be adjacent to any other pole.

       Credit for this puzzle goes to Janko [16].

       Magnets was contributed to this collection by  James  Har-
       vey.

       [16]   http://www.janko.at/Raetsel/Magnete/index.htm

   Magnets controls
       Left-clicking  on  an empty square places a magnet at that
       position with the positive pole on the square and the neg-
       ative  pole on the other half of the magnet; left-clicking
       again reverses the polarity, and a third click removes the
       magnet.

       Right-clicking  on  an  empty square places a blank domino
       there. Right-clicking again places two question  marks  on
       the  domino,  signifying `this cannot be blank' (which can
       be useful to note deductions while  solving),  and  right-
       clicking again empties the domino.

       You  can  also use the cursor keys to move a cursor around
       the grid. Pressing the return key will lay a domino with a
       positive  pole  at  that position; pressing again reverses
       the polarity and then removes the domino,  as  with  left-
       clicking.  Using  the  space bar allows placement of blank
       dominoes and cannot-be-blank hints, as for right-clicking.

       (All the actions described in section 2.1 are also  avail-
       able.)

   Magnets parameters
       These parameters are available from the `Custom...' option
       on the `Type' menu.

       Width, Height
              Size of grid in squares. There will be half Width x
              Height  dominoes in the grid: if this number is odd
              then one square will be blank.

       (Grids with at least one odd dimension tend to  be  easier
       to solve.)

       Difficulty
              Controls the difficulty of the generated puzzle. At
              Tricky level, you are required to make more  deduc-
              tions about empty dominoes and row/column counts.

       Strip clues
              If  true,  some  of  the  clues around the grid are
              removed at generation time, making the puzzle  more
              difficult.

