Map
       You  are given a map consisting of a number of regions. Your task is to
       colour each region with one of four colours, in such a way that no  two
       regions  sharing a boundary have the same colour. You are provided with
       some regions already coloured, sufficient to make the remainder of  the
       solution unique.

       Only  regions which share a length of border are required to be differ‐
       ent colours. Two regions which meet at only one point (i.e. are  diago‐
       nally separated) may be the same colour.

       I believe this puzzle is original; I've never seen an implementation of
       it anywhere else. The concept of a four-colouring puzzle was  suggested
       by  Owen  Dunn;  credit  must also go to Nikoli and to Verity Allan for
       inspiring the train of thought that led to me realising Owen's  sugges‐
       tion  was  a  viable  puzzle.  Thanks  also  to  Gareth Taylor for many
       detailed suggestions.

   Map controls
       To colour a region, click the left mouse button on an  existing  region
       of the desired colour and drag that colour into the new region.

       (The  program  will  always ensure the starting puzzle has at least one
       region of each colour, so that this is always possible!)

       If you need to clear a region, you can drag from an  empty  region,  or
       from the puzzle boundary if there are no empty regions left.

       Dragging  a colour using the right mouse button will stipple the region
       in that colour, which you can use as a note to yourself that you  think
       the  region might be that colour. A region can contain stipples in mul‐
       tiple colours at once. (This is often useful at the  harder  difficulty
       levels.)

       You  can also use the cursor keys to move around the map: the colour of
       the cursor indicates the position of the colour you would  drag  (which
       is  not  obvious  if you're on a region's boundary, since it depends on
       the direction from which you approached  the  boundary).  Pressing  the
       return  key  starts  a drag of that colour, as above, which you control
       with the cursor keys; pressing the return key again finishes the  drag.
       The  space  bar can be used similarly to create a stippled region. Dou‐
       ble-pressing the return key (without moving the cursor) will clear  the
       region,  as  a  drag from an empty region does: this is useful with the
       cursor mode if you have filled the entire map in but  need  to  correct
       the layout.

       If you press L during play, the game will toggle display of a number in
       each region of the map. This is useful if you want to discuss a partic‐
       ular  puzzle  instance  with  a friend - having an unambiguous name for
       each region is much easier than trying to refer to them  all  by  names
       such as `the one down and right of the brown one on the top border'.

       (All the actions described in section 2.1 are also available.)

   Map parameters
       These  parameters  are  available  from  the  `Custom...' option on the
       `Type' menu.

       Width, Height
              Size of grid in squares.

       Regions
              Number of regions in the generated map.

       Difficulty
              In `Easy' mode, there should always be at least one region whose
              colour  can  be  determined  trivially.  In  `Normal' and `Hard'
              modes, you will have to use increasingly complex logic to deduce
              the  colour of some regions. However, it will always be possible
              without having to guess or backtrack.

              In `Unreasonable' mode, the program will feel free  to  generate
              puzzles which are as hard as it can possibly make them: the only
              constraint is that they should still  have  a  unique  solution.
              Solving Unreasonable puzzles may require guessing and backtrack‐
              ing.

