Mines
       You  have a grid of covered squares, some of which contain
       mines, but you don't know which. Your job  is  to  uncover
       every square which does not contain a mine. If you uncover
       a square containing a mine, you lose.  If  you  uncover  a
       square  which  does  not  contain a mine, you are told how
       many mines are  contained  within  the  eight  surrounding
       squares.

       This  game  needs no introduction; popularised by Windows,
       it is perhaps the single best known desktop puzzle game in
       existence.

       This version of it has an unusual property. By default, it
       will generate its mine positions  in  such  a  way  as  to
       ensure  that  you never need to guess where a mine is: you
       will always be able to deduce  it  somehow.  So  you  will
       never,  as  can  happen in other versions, get to the last
       four squares and discover that there are  two  mines  left
       but you have no way of knowing for sure where they are.

   Mines controls
       This game is played with the mouse.

       If  you  left-click in a covered square, it will be uncov-
       ered.

       If you right-click in a covered square, it  will  place  a
       flag  which  indicates that the square is believed to be a
       mine. Left-clicking in a marked square  will  not  uncover
       it, for safety. You can right-click again to remove a mark
       placed in error.

       If you left-click in an uncovered square, it  will  `clear
       around'  the square. This means: if the square has exactly
       as many flags surrounding it as it should have mines, then
       all  the  covered squares next to it which are not flagged
       will be uncovered. So once you think you know the location
       of  all  the mines around a square, you can use this func-
       tion as a shortcut to avoid having to click on each of the
       remaining squares one by one.

       If  you  uncover  a  square which has no mines in the sur-
       rounding eight squares,  then  it  is  obviously  safe  to
       uncover  those  squares  in turn, and so on if any of them
       also has no surrounding mines. This will be done  for  you
       automatically;  so  sometimes when you uncover a square, a
       whole new area will open up to be explored.

       You can also use the cursor keys to move around the  mine-
       field.  Pressing the return key in a covered square uncov-
       ers it, and in an uncovered square will  clear  around  it
       (so it acts as the left button), pressing the space bar in
       a covered square will place a flag (similarly, it acts  as
       the right button).

       All  the  actions described in section 2.1 are also avail-
       able.

       Even Undo is available, although  you  might  consider  it
       cheating  to  use  it.  If you step on a mine, the program
       will only reveal the mine in question (unlike  most  other
       implementations,  which  reveal all of them). You can then
       Undo your fatal move and continue playing if you like. The
       program  will track the number of times you died (and Undo
       will not reduce that counter), so when you get to the  end
       of  the  game  you  know whether or not you did it without
       making any errors.

       (If you really want to know the full layout of  the  grid,
       which  other  implementations will show you after you die,
       you can always use the Solve menu option.)

   Mines parameters
       The options available from the `Custom...' option  on  the
       `Type' menu are:

       Width, Height
              Size of grid in squares.

       Mines  Number  of mines in the grid. You can enter this as
              an absolute mine count, or  alternatively  you  can
              put a % sign on the end in which case the game will
              arrange for that proportion of the squares  in  the
              grid to be mines.

              Beware  of setting the mine count too high. At very
              high  densities,  the  program  may  spend  forever
              searching for a solvable grid.

       Ensure solubility
              When  this option is enabled (as it is by default),
              Mines will ensure that the entire grid can be fully
              deduced  starting  from  the initial open space. If
              you prefer the riskier  grids  generated  by  other
              implementations, you can switch off this option.

