Net
       (Note:  the  Windows  version  of  this  game  is   called
       NETGAME.EXE to avoid clashing with Windows's own NET.EXE.)

       I  originally  saw this in the form of a Flash game called
       FreeNet [1], written by Pavils Jurjans; there are  several
       other implementations under the name NetWalk. The computer
       prepares a network by connecting up the centres of squares
       in a grid, and then shuffles the network by rotating every
       tile randomly. Your job is to  rotate  it  all  back  into
       place.  The  successful  solution will be an entirely con-
       nected network, with no closed loops. As a visual aid, all
       tiles  which  are  connected  to the one in the middle are
       highlighted.

       [1]    http://www.jurjans.lv/stuff/net/FreeNet.htm

   Net controls
       This game can be played with either the  keyboard  or  the
       mouse. The controls are:

       Select tile: mouse pointer, arrow keys


       Rotate tile anticlockwise: left mouse button, `A' key


       Rotate tile clockwise: right mouse button, `D' key


       Rotate tile by 180 degrees: `F' key


       Lock  (or  unlock) tile: middle mouse button, shift-click,
       `S' key
              You can lock a tile once you're sure of its  orien-
              tation.  You  can  also  unlock it again, but while
              it's locked you can't accidentally turn it.

       The following controls are not necessary to  complete  the
       game, but may be useful:

       Shift grid: Shift + arrow keys
              On  grids that wrap, you can move the origin of the
              grid, so that tiles that were on opposite sides  of
              the grid can be seen together.

       Move centre: Ctrl + arrow keys
              You  can change which tile is used as the source of
              highlighting. (It doesn't ultimately  matter  which
              tile  this  is,  as every tile will be connected to
              every other tile in a correct solution, but it  may
              be  helpful  in  the intermediate stages of solving
              the puzzle.)

       Jumble tiles: `J' key
              This key turns all tiles that  are  not  locked  to
              random orientations.

       (All  the actions described in section 2.1 are also avail-
       able.)

   Net parameters
       These parameters are available from the `Custom...' option
       on the `Type' menu.

       Width, Height
              Size of grid in tiles.

       Walls wrap around
              If checked, flow can pass from the left edge to the
              right edge, and from top to bottom, and vice versa.

       Barrier probability
              A number between 0.0 and 1.0 controlling whether an
              immovable  barrier  is  placed between two tiles to
              prevent flow between them (a  higher  number  gives
              more  barriers). Since barriers are immovable, they
              act as constraints on the solution (i.e., hints).

              The grid  generation  in  Net  has  been  carefully
              arranged  so  that  the barriers are independent of
              the rest of the grid. This means that if  you  note
              down  the  random seed used to generate the current
              puzzle (see section 2.2), change the Barrier proba-
              bility parameter, and then re-enter the same random
              seed, you should  see  exactly  the  same  starting
              grid, with the only change being the number of bar-
              riers. So if you're stuck on a particular grid  and
              need a hint, you could start up another instance of
              Net, set up the same parameters but a  higher  bar-
              rier  probability, and enter the game seed from the
              original Net window.

       Ensure unique solution
              Normally, Net will make sure that  the  puzzles  it
              presents  have  only  one  solution.  Puzzles  with
              ambiguous sections can be more difficult  and  more
              subtle,  so  if you like you can turn off this fea-
              ture and  risk  having  ambiguous  puzzles.  (Also,
              finding  all the possible solutions can be an addi-
              tional challenge for an advanced player.)

