Pegs
       A  number  of  pegs are placed in holes on a board. You can
       remove a peg by jumping an adjacent peg over  it  (horizon‐
       tally  or  vertically)  to a vacant hole on the other side.
       Your aim is to remove all but one  of  the  pegs  initially
       present.

       This  game,  best known as `Peg Solitaire', is possibly one
       of the oldest puzzle games still commonly known.

   Pegs controls
       To move a peg, drag it with  the  mouse  from  its  current
       position  to  its  final position. If the final position is
       exactly two holes away from the initial position,  is  cur‐
       rently  unoccupied  by  a  peg,  and  there is a peg in the
       intervening square, the move  will  be  permitted  and  the
       intervening peg will be removed.

       Vacant spaces which you can move a peg into are marked with
       holes. A space with no peg and no hole is not available for
       moving  at  all:  it  is  an  obstacle  which you must work
       around.

       You can also use the cursor keys to move a position indica‐
       tor  around the board. Pressing the return key while over a
       peg, followed by a cursor key, will jump the  peg  in  that
       direction (if that is a legal move).

       (All  the  actions described in section 2.1 are also avail‐
       able.)

   Pegs parameters
       These parameters are available from the `Custom...'  option
       on the `Type' menu.

       Width, Height
              Size of grid in holes.

       Board type
              Controls whether you are given a board of a standard
              shape or a randomly generated shape. The  two  stan‐
              dard  shapes  currently  supported  are  `Cross' and
              `Octagon' (also commonly known as  the  English  and
              European  traditional  board  layouts respectively).
              Selecting `Random' will give you a  different  board
              shape  every  time  (but always one that is known to
              have a solution).

