Rectangles
       You  have  a  grid of squares, with numbers written in some
       (but not all) of the squares. Your task is to subdivide the
       grid  into rectangles of various sizes, such that (a) every
       rectangle contains exactly one numbered square, and (b) the
       area  of  each  rectangle is equal to the number written in
       its numbered square.

       Credit for this game goes to the Japanese  puzzle  magazine
       Nikoli  [3]; I've also seen a Palm implementation at Puzzle
       Palace [4]. Unlike Puzzle Palace's implementation, my  ver‐
       sion  automatically  generates random grids of any size you
       like. The quality of puzzle design is therefore  not  quite
       as  good  as hand-crafted puzzles would be, but on the plus
       side you get an inexhaustible supply of puzzles tailored to
       your own specification.

       [3]    http://www.nikoli.co.jp/puzzles/7/index_text-e.htm

       [4]    http://www.puzzle.gr.jp/puz‐
              zle/sikaku/palm/index.html.en

   Rectangles controls
       This game is played with the mouse or cursor keys.

       Left-click any edge to toggle it on or off,  or  left-click
       and  drag to draw an entire rectangle (or line) on the grid
       in one go (removing any existing edges within that  rectan‐
       gle).  Right-clicking  and dragging will allow you to erase
       the contents of a rectangle without affecting its edges.

       Alternatively, use the cursor keys  to  move  the  position
       indicator  around  the  board. Pressing the return key then
       allows you to use the cursor keys to drag a  rectangle  out
       from  that position, and pressing the return key again com‐
       pletes the rectangle. Using the space bar  instead  of  the
       return  key allows you to erase the contents of a rectangle
       without affecting its edges, as above.

       When a rectangle of the correct size is completed, it  will
       be shaded.

       (All  the  actions described in section 2.1 are also avail‐
       able.)

   Rectangles parameters
       These parameters are available from the `Custom...'  option
       on the `Type' menu.

       Width, Height
              Size of grid, in squares.

       Expansion factor
              This  is  a mechanism for changing the type of grids
              generated by the program. Some people prefer a  grid
              containing  a few large rectangles to one containing
              many small ones. So you can ask Rectangles to essen‐
              tially  generate  a  smaller  grid than the size you
              specified, and then to expand it by adding rows  and
              columns.

              The default expansion factor of zero means that Rec‐
              tangles will simply generate a grid of the size  you
              ask  for,  and  do  nothing  further.  If you set an
              expansion factor of (say) 0.5, it  means  that  each
              dimension of the grid will be expanded to half again
              as big after generation. In other words, the initial
              grid  will  be  2/3  the size in each dimension, and
              will be expanded to its full size without adding any
              more rectangles.

              Setting  an  expansion factor of around 0.5 tends to
              make the game more difficult, and also (in my  expe‐
              rience)  rewards a less deductive and more intuitive
              playing style. If you set it too high,  though,  the
              game  simply cannot generate more than a few rectan‐
              gles to cover the entire grid, and the game  becomes
              trivial.

       Ensure unique solution
              Normally, Rectangles will make sure that the puzzles
              it presents have only  one  solution.  Puzzles  with
              ambiguous  sections  can  be more difficult and more
              subtle, so if you like you can turn off this feature
              and risk having ambiguous puzzles. Also, finding all
              the possible solutions can be  an  additional  chal‐
              lenge  for  an  advanced  player.  Turning  off this
              option can also speed up puzzle generation.

