Same Game
       You  have  a  grid  of coloured squares, which you have to
       clear by highlighting contiguous regions of more than  one
       coloured  square; the larger the region you highlight, the
       more points you get (and the faster you clear the arena).

       If you clear the grid you win. If you end up with  nothing
       but  single  squares  (i.e.,  there  are no more clickable
       regions left) you lose.

       Removing a region causes the rest of the grid  to  shuffle
       up:  blocks that are suspended will fall down (first), and
       then empty columns are filled from the right.

       Same Game was contributed to this collection by James Har-
       vey.

   Same Game controls
       This  game  can  be played with either the keyboard or the
       mouse.

       If  you  left-click  an  unselected  region,  it   becomes
       selected (possibly clearing the current selection).

       If  you left-click the selected region, it will be removed
       (and the rest of the grid shuffled immediately).

       If you right-click the selected region, it will  be  unse-
       lected.

       The  cursor  keys  move a cursor around the grid. Pressing
       the Space or Enter keys while the cursor is  in  an  unse-
       lected  region  selects  it; pressing Space or Enter again
       removes it as above.

       (All the actions described in section 2.1 are also  avail-
       able.)

   Same Game parameters
       These parameters are available from the `Custom...' option
       on the `Type' menu.

       Width, Height
              Size of grid in squares.

       No. of colours
              Number of different colours used to fill the  grid;
              the more colours, the fewer large regions of colour
              and thus the more difficult it is  to  successfully
              clear the grid.

       Scoring system
              Controls  the  precise  mechanism used for scoring.
              With the default system, `(n-2)^2', only regions of
              three squares or more will score any points at all.
              With the alternative `(n-1)^2' system,  regions  of
              two  squares score a point each, and larger regions
              score relatively more points.

       Ensure solubility
              If this option is ticked (the default state),  gen-
              erated  grids  will  be guaranteed to have at least
              one solution.

              If you turn it off, the game generator will not try
              to guarantee soluble grids; it will, however, still
              ensure that there are at least 2  squares  of  each
              colour  on the grid at the start (since a grid with
              exactly one square of a given colour is  definitely
              insoluble).  Grids  generated with this option dis-
              abled may contain more large  areas  of  contiguous
              colour, leading to opportunities for higher scores;
              they can also take less time to generate.

