Slant
       You have a grid of squares. Your aim is to draw a diagonal line through
       each square, and choose which way each line slants so that the  follow‐
       ing conditions are met:

       ·      The diagonal lines never form a loop.

       ·      Any  point  with  a circled number has precisely that many lines
              meeting at it. (Thus, a 4  is  the  centre  of  a  cross  shape,
              whereas  a  zero is the centre of a diamond shape - or rather, a
              partial diamond shape, because a zero can never  appear  in  the
              middle of the grid because that would immediately cause a loop.)

       Credit for this puzzle goes to Nikoli [8].

       [8]    http://www.nikoli.co.jp/puzzles/39/index.htm (in Japanese)

   Slant controls
       Left-clicking in a blank square will place a \ in it (a line leaning to
       the left, i.e. running from the top left of the square  to  the  bottom
       right).  Right-clicking in a blank square will place a / in it (leaning
       to the right, running from top right to bottom left).

       Continuing to click either button will cycle between the three possible
       square  contents.  Thus, if you left-click repeatedly in a blank square
       it will change from blank to \ to / back to blank, and  if  you  right-
       click  repeatedly  the  square will change from blank to / to \ back to
       blank. (Therefore, you can play the game entirely with  one  button  if
       you need to.)

       You  can also use the cursor keys to move around the grid. Pressing the
       return or space keys will place a \ or a /, respectively, and will then
       cycle them as above.

       (All the actions described in section 2.1 are also available.)

   Slant parameters
       These  parameters  are  available  from  the  `Custom...' option on the
       `Type' menu.

       Width, Height
              Size of grid in squares.

       Difficulty
              Controls the difficulty of the generated puzzle. At Hard  level,
              you  are  required  to do deductions based on knowledge of rela‐
              tionships between squares  rather  than  always  being  able  to
              deduce the exact contents of one square at a time. (For example,
              you might know that two squares slant  in  the  same  direction,
              even  if  you  don't  yet  know what that direction is, and this
              might enable you to deduce something about still other squares.)
              Even  at  Hard level, guesswork and backtracking should never be
              necessary.

