Solo
       You have a square grid,  which  is  divided  into  as  many
       equally  sized sub-blocks as the grid has rows. Each square
       must be filled in with a digit from 1 to the  size  of  the
       grid, in such a way that

       ·      every row contains only one occurrence of each digit

       ·      every  column  contains  only one occurrence of each
              digit

       ·      every block contains only  one  occurrence  of  each
              digit.

       ·      (optionally,  by  default  off) each of the square's
              two main diagonals contains only one  occurrence  of
              each digit.

       You  are given some of the numbers as clues; your aim is to
       place the rest of the numbers correctly.

       Under the default settings, the sub-blocks  are  square  or
       rectangular.  The  default puzzle size is 3×3 (a 9×9 actual
       grid, divided into nine 3×3 blocks). You  can  also  select
       sizes  with rectangular blocks instead of square ones, such
       as 2×3 (a 6×6 grid divided into six 3×2  blocks).  Alterna‐
       tively,  you  can  select  `jigsaw' mode, in which the sub-
       blocks are arbitrary shapes which differ between individual
       puzzles.

       Another available mode is `killer'. In this mode, clues are
       not given in the form of filled-in  squares;  instead,  the
       grid  is  divided  into  `cages' by coloured lines, and for
       each cage the game tells you what the sum of all the digits
       in that cage should be. Also, no digit may appear more than
       once within a cage, even if the cage crosses the boundaries
       of existing regions.

       If you select a puzzle size which requires more than 9 dig‐
       its, the additional digits will be letters of the alphabet.
       For  example, if you select 3×4 then the digits which go in
       your grid will be 1 to 9, plus `a', `b' and `c'. This  can‐
       not be selected for killer puzzles.

       I  first  saw this puzzle in Nikoli [5], although it's also
       been popularised  by  various  newspapers  under  the  name
       `Sudoku'  or  `Su  Doku'.  Howard  Garns  is considered the
       inventor of the modern form of the puzzle, and it was first
       published  in  Dell  Pencil  Puzzles and Word Games. A more
       elaborate treatment of the history of  the  puzzle  can  be
       found on Wikipedia [6].

       [5]    http://www.nikoli.co.jp/puzzles/1/index_text-e.htm

       [6]    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudoku

   Solo controls
       To  play  Solo,  simply click the mouse in any empty square
       and then type a digit or letter on  the  keyboard  to  fill
       that  square. If you make a mistake, click the mouse in the
       incorrect square and press Space to clear it again (or  use
       the Undo feature).

       If you right-click in a square and then type a number, that
       number will be entered in the square as  a  `pencil  mark'.
       You  can have pencil marks for multiple numbers in the same
       square. Squares containing filled-in  numbers  cannot  also
       contain pencil marks.

       The game pays no attention to pencil marks, so exactly what
       you use them for  is  up  to  you:  you  can  use  them  as
       reminders  that a particular square needs to be re-examined
       once you know more about a particular number,  or  you  can
       use  them  as  lists  of  the  possible  numbers in a given
       square, or anything else you feel like.

       To erase a single pencil mark, right-click  in  the  square
       and type the same number again.

       All pencil marks in a square are erased when you left-click
       and type a number, or when you left-click and press  space.
       Right-clicking  and  pressing  space will also erase pencil
       marks.

       Alternatively, use the cursor keys to move the mark  around
       the  grid. Pressing the return key toggles the mark (from a
       normal mark to a pencil mark), and typing a  number  in  is
       entered in the square in the appropriate way; typing in a 0
       or using the space bar will clear a filled square.

       (All the actions described in section 2.1 are  also  avail‐
       able.)

   Solo parameters
       Solo allows you to configure two separate dimensions of the
       puzzle grid on the `Type' menu: the number of columns,  and
       the  number  of  rows, into which the main grid is divided.
       (The size of a block is the inverse of this:  for  example,
       if  you select 2 columns and 3 rows, each actual block will
       have 3 columns and 2 rows.)

       If you tick the `X' checkbox, Solo will apply the  optional
       extra  constraint  that  the two main diagonals of the grid
       also contain one of every digit. (This is  sometimes  known
       as  `Sudoku-X' in newspapers.) In this mode, the squares on
       the two main diagonals will be shaded slightly so that  you
       know it's enabled.

       If  you tick the `Jigsaw' checkbox, Solo will generate ran‐
       domly shaped sub-blocks. In this mode, the actual grid size
       will  be  taken to be the product of the numbers entered in
       the `Columns' and `Rows' boxes. There is no reason why  you
       have to enter a number greater than 1 in both boxes; Jigsaw
       mode has no constraint on the grid size, and it can even be
       a prime number if you feel like it.

       If you tick the `Killer' checkbox, Solo will generate a set
       of of cages, which are randomly shaped and drawn in an out‐
       line  of a different colour. Each of these regions contains
       a smaller clue which shows the digit sum of all the squares
       in this region.

       You  can  also  configure the type of symmetry shown in the
       generated puzzles. More symmetry  makes  the  puzzles  look
       prettier  but may also make them easier, since the symmetry
       constraints can force  more  clues  than  necessary  to  be
       present.  Completely asymmetric puzzles have the freedom to
       contain as few clues as possible.

       Finally, you can configure the difficulty of the  generated
       puzzles.  Difficulty levels are judged by the complexity of
       the techniques of deduction required to solve  the  puzzle:
       each  level requires a mode of reasoning which was not nec‐
       essary in the previous one. In  particular,  on  difficulty
       levels `Trivial' and `Basic' there will be a square you can
       fill in with a single  number  at  all  times,  whereas  at
       `Intermediate'  level and beyond you will have to make par‐
       tial deductions about the set of squares a number could  be
       in  (or  the  set of numbers that could be in a square). At
       `Unreasonable' level, even this is not enough, and you will
       eventually  have  to make a guess, and then backtrack if it
       turns out to be wrong.

       Generating difficult puzzles is itself  difficult:  if  you
       select  one  of the higher difficulty levels, Solo may have
       to make many attempts at  generating  a  puzzle  before  it
       finds  one  hard enough for you. Be prepared to wait, espe‐
       cially if you have also configured a large puzzle size.

