Tents
       You  have  a grid of squares, some of which contain trees.
       Your aim is to  place  tents  in  some  of  the  remaining
       squares,  in  such a way that the following conditions are
       met:

       o      There are exactly as many tents as trees.

       o      The tents and trees can be matched up in such a way
              that  each  tent is directly adjacent (horizontally
              or vertically, but not diagonally) to its own tree.
              However,  a  tent may be adjacent to other trees as
              well as its own.

       o      No two tents are adjacent horizontally,  vertically
              or diagonally.

       o      The  number  of tents in each row, and in each col-
              umn, matches the numbers given round the  sides  of
              the grid.

       This  puzzle  can be found in several places on the Inter-
       net, and was brought to my attention by  e-mail.  I  don't
       know who I should credit for inventing it.

   Tents controls
       Left-clicking  in  a blank square will place a tent in it.
       Right-clicking in a blank square  will  colour  it  green,
       indicating  that  you  are  sure it isn't a tent. Clicking
       either button in an occupied square will clear it.

       If you drag with the right button along a row  or  column,
       every  blank square in the region you cover will be turned
       green, and no other squares will  be  affected.  (This  is
       useful  for  clearing the remainder of a row once you have
       placed all its tents.)

       You can also use the cursor keys to move around the  grid.
       Pressing  the return key over an empty square will place a
       tent, and pressing the space bar over an empty square will
       colour it green; either key will clear an occupied square.

       (All  the actions described in section 2.1 are also avail-
       able.)

   Tents parameters
       These parameters are available from the `Custom...' option
       on the `Type' menu.

       Width, Height
              Size of grid in squares.

       Difficulty
              Controls  the  difficulty  of the generated puzzle.
              More difficult puzzles require more complex  deduc-
              tions,  but at present none of the available diffi-
              culty levels requires guesswork or backtracking.

