Twiddle
       Twiddle  is  a tile-rearrangement puzzle, visually similar
       to Sixteen (see chapter 6): you are given a grid of square
       tiles,  each  containing  a  number,  and  your  aim is to
       arrange the numbers into ascending order.

       In basic Twiddle, your move is to rotate a square group of
       four  tiles about their common centre. (Orientation is not
       significant in the basic puzzle, although you  can  select
       it.)  On  more  advanced settings, you can rotate a larger
       square group of tiles.

       I first saw this type  of  puzzle  in  the  GameCube  game
       `Metroid  Prime 2'. In the Main Gyro Chamber in that game,
       there is a puzzle you solve to unlock a door, which  is  a
       special case of Twiddle. I developed this game as a gener-
       alisation of that puzzle.

   Twiddle controls
       To play Twiddle, click the mouse  in  the  centre  of  the
       square  group  you  wish to rotate. In the basic mode, you
       rotate a 2x2 square, which means you have to  click  at  a
       corner point where four tiles meet.

       In  more  advanced modes you might be rotating 3x3 or even
       more at a time; if the size of the square is odd then  you
       simply  click in the centre tile of the square you want to
       rotate.

       Clicking with the left  mouse  button  rotates  the  group
       anticlockwise.  Clicking  with the right button rotates it
       clockwise.

       You can also move an outline square around the  grid  with
       the  cursor  keys;  the  square  is the size above (2x2 by
       default, or larger). Pressing the return key or space  bar
       will  rotate the current square anticlockwise or clockwise
       respectively.

       (All the actions described in section 2.1 are also  avail-
       able.)

   Twiddle parameters
       Twiddle  provides  several  configuration  options via the
       `Custom' option on the `Type' menu:

       o      You can configure the width and height of the  puz-
              zle grid.

       o      You  can  configure  the  size of square block that
              rotates at a time.

       o      You can ask for every square in the grid to be dis-
              tinguishable  (the  default),  or you can ask for a
              simplified puzzle in  which  there  are  groups  of
              identical  numbers.  In  the simplified puzzle your
              aim is just to arrange all the 1s  into  the  first
              row, all the 2s into the second row, and so on.

       o      You  can configure whether the orientation of tiles
              matters. If you ask for an orientable puzzle,  each
              tile will have a triangle drawn in it. All the tri-
              angles must be pointing  upwards  to  complete  the
              puzzle.

       o      You can ask for a limited shuffling operation to be
              performed on the grid.  By  default,  Twiddle  will
              shuffle  the  grid  so much that any arrangement is
              about as probable as any other.  You  can  override
              this  by  requesting  a precise number of shuffling
              moves to be performed. Typically your aim  is  then
              to determine the precise set of shuffling moves and
              invert them exactly, so that  you  answer  (say)  a
              four-move  shuffle  with a four-move solution. Note
              that the more moves you ask for, the more likely it
              is  that  solutions  shorter than the target length
              will turn out to be possible.

